.TH SERIVEREPORT "Feb 2019" Linux "Validate and repair the system configuration"
.SH NAME
ServiceReport \- A tool to verify and repair the system configuration.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B servicereport [-f LOG_FILE] [-h] [-l] [-p PLUGIN [PLUGIN ...] [-d]
                   [-q] [-r] [-V] [-v]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIservicereport\fR command provides the system configuration status and gives
recommendations to fix the incorrect system configurations. The tool also has an
option to auto-fix the invalid configurations.
\fIServiceReport\fR has plugin based architecture and has multiple plugins that
validates and repair different system configuration. The description of plugins
is listed below.
.RS
.TP
.B Daemon
Checks a list of daemons is enabled in the system or not.
.TP
.B Dump
Detects which dump mechanism is configured (Kdump or FADump) based on that
checks the configuration of the respective dump tool.
.TP
.B HTX
Checks the configuration for Hardware Test Executive(HTX). This plugin is
only applicable to PowerPC architecture.
.TP
.B Package
Checks a list of packages is installed in the system or not.
.RE
.PP
The \fIServiceReport\fR tool also provide an option to auto fix the incorrect
configurations. Not all the validation performed in the plugins are auto
fixable. \fIServiceReport\fR try to fix the incorrect configurations if possible
else they need to be fixed manually.
.PP
.B NOTE: The tool supports auto-fix feature for Daemon, Package and Kdump validations only.
.PP
Please refer the example section to quick start with repair functionality.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-f \--file <LOG_FILE>
Creates LOG_FILE in the current directory and stores the logs into it.
.TP
.B \-h \--help
Prints usage of the tool and exits.
.TP
.B \-l \--list-plugins
List all the applicable plugins.
.TP
.B \-p \--plugins
validates the specified plugins only. Accept multiple plugins as a space separated list.
.TP
.B \-d \--dump
Triggers a dump if dump tool (Kdump, FADump) is configured correctly.
.TP
.B \-q \--quiet
Execute all plugins silently without printing any output on the console.
.TP
.B \-r \--repair
Auto fix the incorrect configurations.
.TP
.B \-V, \--version
Prints the version of tool and exits.
.TP
.B \-v \--verbose
Increase the logging verbosity. Display the status of each sub check performed by the plugins.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B servicereport
Runs and print the status of all the applicable plugins in current system.
.TP
.B servicereport -v
Runs all the applicable plugins to current system and print the detailed status of each plugin.
.TP
.B servicereport -l
List all the applicable plugins.
.TP
.B servicereport -p P1 P2
Runs only P1 and P2 plugins if applicable.
.TP
.B servicereport -r
Repair the incorrect configuration after the validation.
.SH AUTHORS & CONTRIBUTORS
Sourabh Jain <sourabhjain@linux.ibm.com>
.RS
.RE
Srikanth Aithal <sraithal@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
.fi
